# Elements

The definitions of the elements that may be found under the 'Procedure' tab are listed below.

## Values

A _value_ is a piece of data that may be used in subsequent computations.

* Example: *A value may be a number, a character, a string, a boolean, etc. The following are all values:*
  * 10, X, hello, `true`

## Variables

A _variable_ is a container that holds value(s) and is given a name. 

* Example: *Variable named var1 contains a value of 10:*
  * `var1 = 10`

## Expressions

An _expression_ is a combination of values, variables and operators. An expression supports dependency; using the name given to a variable in subsequent variables would refer to the value that it contains.

* Example: *An expression combining values, variables and operators:*
  * `(var1+10)*5`

## Statements

A _statement_ is a code or instruction that may be executed. _Assignment statements_ are statements that defines a variable with a value or an expression; successive assignment statements for the same variable results in the second statement overriding the first. 

* Example: *The following is an assignment statement:*
  * `var2 = (var1+10)*5`
* Example: *If the following assignment statement is used after, var2 will have the value equal to `var1` instead of `(var1+10)*5`:*
  * `var2 = var1`

## Control Statements

A _control statement_ is one that changes the flow of control, either by creating a condition for selection or for repetition. 

  _(For more information on control statements, see section 3.4.)_

## Functions

A _function_ is a named block of statements that has inputs and outputs. The code within the function acts on the inputs to compute the return values. 

_(For more information on functions, see Appendix.)_

## Lists

A _list_ is a container of multiple variables or lists arranged in a given sequence; specifying the index of a list returns a variable or list depending on what is contained.

* Example: *A list of numbers:*
  * `list = [1,2,3]`
* Example: *A list of lists:* 
  * `list = [[1,2,3],[2,3,4],[4,5,6]]`

  _(For more information on lists, see section 3.6.)_