# Attributes

Attributes are properties that are attached to derived geometry. These properties may be viewed in the Attribute Table and/or parsed to produce a result in the 3D Viewer. In order to obtain the id of the objects, so as to assign attributes to them, use the query.Get function.

## Default Attributes

There are default attributes that are generated when certain objects are created. Specifically, when positions are created, the coordinates of each position are automatically displayed as attributes in the Attribute Table. 

## User-defined Attributes

To _create_ an attribute, create a new variable (*Basic > Variable*). 

* In the left-hand side argument of the variable, enter `id@attributename` or `variable@attributename` to create an attribute named 'attributename' for a particular id or variable (of geometries or mathematical structures) respectively. 

* In the right-hand side argument of the variable, enter the value of the attribute. The value may be a number, a string, or a flat list. 

  * *Example 1:* `"ps1"@selected = "yes"` *creates a new attribute named "selected" for the id of ps1, and gives the position "ps1" the value of "yes". The id here refers to the id given to the geometry, and can be found in the first column of the attribute table. IDs must be placed between double quotation marks to differentiate them from being read as variables.*

  * *Example 2:* `pointA@rgb = [255,0,0]` *creates three attributes named "rgb[0]", "rgb[1]", and "rgb[2]", and sets their values at 255, 0, 0 respectively for the geometry given by a previously-defined variable named "pointA".*

To _set_ an attribute, perform the same steps as if to create an attribute, but ensure that `attributename` is the name of the existing attribute whose value you wish to alter. Simply put, if the attribute has not been previously created, a new attribute is created; otherwise, it changes the value of that attribute.

* *Example 3:* `pointA@rgb = [10,20,30]` *changes the existing values of 255, 0, 0 to 10, 20, 30 respectively for "rgb[0]", "rgb[1]", and "rgb[2]" of pointA.*

To _get_ the value of an attribute, use `id@attributename` or `variable@attributename` inline to reference their values.

* *Example 4:* `my_number = pointA@rgb[1] * 10` *gives my_number the value of 200, since pointA has the value of 20 set for the attribute of rgb[1].*

To _delete_ an attribute, set the attribute with the value of 'null' (without quotes).