# Flowchart

One system used in parametric design is the _propagation-based system_ (Aish and Woodbury, 2005), which is visualised through graphs. Graphs contain nodes connected by links—which may be given a direction and visualised by an arrow—to form a flowchart. Such a system orders the information that is known at the beginning of the flowchart, and proceeds along the links to compute the unknowns or to solve a given constraint. 

(insert diagram of graph/flowchart from mobius, labelling what are nodes and what are links)

## Nodes

Description of what nodes are

### Start

The _source node(s)_ of a flowchart is the first node, and highest in the [hierarchy](contents/chapter2/2.3.hierarchy.md "Hierarchy") of the flowchart as it is not graph-dependent. 

In Möbius Parametric Modeller, inputs of known variables may be added as ["global variables"](contents/chapter5/5.11.globals.md "Global Variables") in the source node ("Start" node); this input information may then be used downstream by successive nodes connected to this. 

(possibly insert screenshot of node: start node, showing global var?)

### End

The _end node(s)_ of a flowchart is the last node, lowest in the [hierarchy](contents/chapter2/2.3.hierarchy.md "Hierarchy") of the flowchart. It processes all the nodes preceding it to display the results of the computation. 

In Möbius Parametric Modeller, the result of the "End" node is the visualisation of the graph as a 3D model in the viewer.

(insert screenshot of node: end node, showing also the 3D viewer)

## Links

_Links_ are connections between nodes, and in a propagation-based system, they are represented by arrows in the flowchart. 