# Control Statements

Control statements may be divided into two broad categories: _selection_ and _repetition_.

## Selection

_Selection_ statements specify a condition and then determines what is to be done, depending on whether the condition is true.

### If

The _If_ statement performs an action(s) if a condition is true; otherwise, it skips the action(s). 

### Else

The _Else_ statement is an extension of the _If_ statement and may only be used following it. When used together, the statements perform an action(s) if a condition is true; otherwise, it performs another different action(s).

### Else-if

The _Else-if_ statement is an extension of the _If_ statement and may only be used following it. When used together, the statements perform an action(s) if a condition is true; otherwise, it checks a second condition. If the second condition is true, it performs an action(s); otherwise, it skips the action(s). 

This statement is used to create multiple levels of conditionals with a hierarchy that determines the sequence of checks performed.

## Repetition

_Repetition_ statements perform action(s) repeatedly based on the value of a condition; these are also known as loops or looping statements.

### For-each

The _For-each_ statement performs an action(s) for every element of a finite array or list. 

### While

The _While_ statement performs an action(s) as long as the specified condition remains true. Unlike the _For-each_ statement, there is no specified limit to the number of times that the block is run, so long as the condition remains true.

### Break

The _Break_ statement is used within a _For-each_ or _While_ loop to break the loop and terminate it by skipping the remaining code within the loop and continuing the execution of code outside the loop. 

### Continue

The _Continue_ statement is used within a _For-each_ or _While_ loop to skip the remaining code within the current iteration of the loop and continuing the execution of code in the next iteration of the loop. Unlike _Break_, _Continue_ does not terminate the loop but only interrupts that particular iteration. 