# 'Start' Node

The _source node_ of a flowchart is the first node and is highest in the hierarchy of the flowchart, as it contains explicit values instead of being graph-dependent; in Möbius Parametric Modeller, this is the 'Start' node.

In the 'Start' node, inputs of known variables may be added as "global variables"; this input information may then be used downstream by successive nodes connected from this.

## Naming

The flowchart name and description may be assigned or modified via the input boxes in the 'Start' node. 

(image of naming input boxes?)

## Global variables

Global variables are parameters that are known or determined by the user, which may then be referenced throughout the flowchart. 

There are a few types of global variables:

* Simple input
  * _Value_ - Value to be set as default value. Accepts expressions containing strings, numbers and mathematical operators.

* Slider
  * _Step_ - Increments for the slider
  * _Min_ - Minimum value for slider range
  * _Value_ - Numerical value to be set as default value
  * _Max_ - Maximum value for slider range

* Checkbox
  * _Checkbox_ - Boolean value of true or false; value alternates between the two when the clicked

* URL
  * _URL_ - Enter URL address to load file from

* File
  * _File_ - Upload file from computer

To _add_ a global variable, click on 'Global Var' on the left, then select the desired type from the dropdown list next to 'Input Mode'. A name has to be given in the corresponding input box in order for the variable to be referenced later. 

The values assigned to the global variables in this tab are the default values that will be loaded to the dashboard upon loading of the flowchart. In order to modify the argument without changing the default value, adjust the values in the dashboard instead.

## Add Model

From computer or URLs






The dashboard displays the parameters that were previously defined in the 'Start' node. 

The values to be supplied for these parameters when executing the flowchart may be modified here, which would correspondingly alter the value of these arguments when used in subsequent nodes. The values in the 'Start' node are the default values that will be automatically loaded into the dashboard; changing the values in the dashboard then modifies the values provided for each instance that is run.