# Chapter 4: Functions

This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. This is an overview of Chapter 1. 

## Basic

_Basic_ functions change the flow of control. 

* Variable
* If
* Else-if
* Else
* For-each
* While
* Break
* Continue

## Make

_Make_ functions create new objects or apparent objects. 

* Position
* Point
* Polyline
* Polygon
* Collection
* Loft
* Extrude
* Join
* PlaneVisible
* VectorVisible
* Copy
* Divide

## Attribute

_Attribute_ functions set, retrieve or modify attributes attached to objects.

* Get
* Set
* Promote
* Query
* QueryNumber
* GeTxyzinates

## Intersect

_Intersect_ functions deal primarily where an object or list is divided by intersecting.

* Intersect
* Knife
* Split

## Modify

_Modify_ functions alter the original geometry

* SetPosition
* Move
* Rotate
* Scale
* Mirror
* XForm
* Reverse
* Weld
* Unweld
* Close
* IsClosed
* Delete

## Calculate

Description goes in here. This describes this segment. 

* Distance
* Length
* MinDistance
* Area
* Normal
* Centroid
* ParamTToXyz
* ParamXyzToT

## Vector

Description goes in here. This describes this segment. 

* SetLength
* GetLength
* Angle
* Cross
* Dot

## List

Description goes in here. This describes this segment. 

* IndexOf
* Includes
* MassAdd
* ByCopy
* ByConcat
* ByFlatten
* BySlice
* ByRange
* Append
* AppendFront
* RemoveIndex
* RemoveValue
* ReplaceValue
* Reverse
* SortAlpha
* SortNum
* Splice

## User

Description goes in here. This describes this segment. 

* Import

## Globals

Description goes in here. This describes this segment. 